[Music]
oh hi there again I'm Jimmy Kimmel thank
you for joining me in my home on what
was a much better day in the United
States of America before we get to that
this has been it's been a dark and heavy
week but yesterday I have a story
yesterday we had the TV on in the
kitchen we're watching the protests on
the news and our five-year-old daughter
Jane walks in and asks why aren't people
marching and my wife explained if she
said that well they're marching because
they want peace and our son Billy who's
three hears this and says I want peace
and we're all like oh that's so sweet
and then he says it's peace candy he
wants Reese's piece you know we did
watch et last week maybe that's where he
got it at long last charges were filed
today against three policemen who stood
by and did nothing as their fellow
officer and did George Floyd's life
Derrick shavon has been charged now with
second degree murder and second degree
manslaughter the other three were
charged with aiding and abetting those
charges which is good news a long time
coming there have been protests now in
all 50 states and that is a big deal we
can't even get all 50 states on board
for daylight saving time the whole world
has been watching and weighing in even
the Chinese government said they hope
the United States will take concrete
measures to eliminate all forms of
racial discrimination and when China is
giving you a lecture on human rights not
a great sign meanwhile our president is
still getting his bible thump for that
embarrassing photo session at Saint
John's Church on Monday the White House
today tried to explain why the orange
chicken crossed the road and business
suit barbie tried to spin it like this
through all of time we've seen
presidents and leaders across the world
who have had leadership moments and very
powerful symbols that were important for
a nation to see at at any given time to
show a message of resilience and
determination like Churchill we saw him
inspecting the bombing damage it's an a
powerful message of leadership to the
British people
okay Churchill when Churchill said we
shall
fight them on the streets he wasn't
talking about his own people the only
thing Donald Trump has in common with
Winston Churchill is they wore the same
size bra and even though she just
basically said it was a photo-op
they continued to insist it was not a
photo op but let's review the facts here
he walked to the church he stood in
front of the church he never went in the
church never spoke to anyone from the
church didn't examine the damage to the
church held up a Bible upside down
didn't read from the Bible didn't give a
speech posed for photos and left uh it
sounds like a pretty textbook definition
of a photo-op to me he treated it like
taking your kid to see Santa at the mall
you got the picture okay let's get the
hell out of here
but Trump of course cannot admit to any
kind of mistake he tweeted people liked
my walk to this historic place of
worship who liked it I'm not sure people
liked it here's when you know you have a
problem you have a problem when even the
600 year old host of the 700 club is not
impressed he said I'm ready to send in
military troops if the nation's
governors don't act to quill the
violence that has rocked American city
matter of fact he spoke of them as being
jerks you just don't do that mr.
president it isn't cool and he knows
cool he's one of the original Muppets
turns out you know whose idea that walk
from the White House of the church was
Ivanka's according to New York Times
Trump's chief of staff said it was a
vanka's
has been demoted to Eric you know you
don't have to listen to all your kid
suggestions if we did that at my house
the bathtub would be filled with
skittles right now team Trump is also
trying to refute claims that protesters
were attacked by police to make way for
Trump's walk of shame the police say
they used pepper balls and smoke bombs
not rubber bullets and tear gas to
disperse the peaceful protest right it's
grenade Oh Granato Trump has suggested
that he might invoke an old law from
1807 to send in active duty troops to
keep the peace that apparently didn't
sit well with his own Secretary of
Defense mark Esper who
probably ended his time in the
administration today the option to use
active duty forces in a law enforcement
role should only be used as a matter of
last resort and only in the most urgent
and dire of situations we are not in one
of those situations now I do not support
invoking the insurrection act and you're
fired I'm glad he spoke up why would a
draft dodger be allowed to send in the
military it's like putting a vegan in
charge of the BBQ president is also said
to be fuming about reports that he was
taken to an underground bunker during
the protests on Friday night so today he
phones his foxy friend Brian Kilmeade
who tried tried very hard to give master
and out on this by pinning it on The
Secret Service but Donald the dents
didn't get the hint sometimes a Secret
Service even tells the president I can't
do this
so you tell me mr. president they didn't
say to you you have to go downstairs my
responsibilities your welfare they
didn't limit you at all in the house
nope they didn't tell me that at all but
they said it would be a good time to go
down take a look because maybe sometimes
you're going to need it he just went
down to take a look because some time
maybe he's gonna need it but go on
I go down I've gone down two or three
times all for inspection all for
inspection that's why he went down in
the middle of a massive protest outside
his house he needed to inspect the place
to make sure they stocked enough horsey
sauce in the cupboard and with all this
going on president has been tweeting up
a storm about what a gift he is to black
Americans this morning he wrote I've
done more for black Americans in fact
than any president in US history with
the possible exception of another
Republican president the late great
Abraham Lincoln and it's not even close
Lincoln ended slavery Trump thinks it's
possible Lincoln did more this would
actually be funny if it wasn't at all so
democracy is gone but basketball is
coming back ESPN is reporting that the
NBA Board of Governors is going to vote
tomorrow on a plan that would restart
the season with 22 teams for eight
regular season games a possible play in
tournament for the eighth seed and the
playoffs all
taking place in Orlando Florida at
Disney World and the champions will be
whichever team doesn't get the virus I'm
happy about that I don't know about you
I can't wait to see how long James
Harden's beard is right now
even though we have not seen the last of
kovat 19 even those stores are opening
and people are getting back to work the
virus is still out there here in
California we've had I think we had
17,000 new cases last week 10,000 here
in LA County alone and as we all know
the sequel is always worse than the
original but businesses are ready to go
and so as a service to them we've
created a PSA that any company who wants
to use can use just follow the
instructions and your organization from
a PR standpoint should be all set
[Music]
hello there with all the news about
kovat 19 consumers are understandably
concerned about public spaces well as
CEO of insert your company's name here I
want to personally assure you that we're
doing everything we can to keep you safe
because your health is our number one
priority our number two priority is
selling it so please come in here buy
something rent something or use our
services or eat one of our things
because we've been rigorously training
our employees to stop sneezing on we
sell rent or cook we've placed buckets
of hand sanitizer at all our entrances
our employees disinfect our cash
registers after every transaction so we
can continue to safely take your money
no isn't that good enough I mean
seriously just get off your asses and
buy something what are you so afraid of
you're not a 90 year old with emphysema
you'll be fine come on I mean correct
it's just a little respiratory infection
please come back we'll make a big show
wiping off - our handles how's that we
appreciate your business
[Music]
you're welcome we'll be right back with
Regina Kane Jimmy Dolan's